Okay also currently the UX is we start the app and then we can chose the project or use one of the numbered commands. Now this is still a simple UI from the MVP I have a few ideas how to improve it:
- It makes sense that we can chose from our projects and the numbered quick commands are nice as well. But they should be system wide things such as hardware stats, ports & processes (seeing listening ports that were not running at start of the cli, opening ngrok on a port, listing python, node etc processes, ability to kill processes), custom quick commands (any command or script from any project can be assigned to them), shutdown (saves all browser tabs in timestamped bookmarks and safely closes everything and shutdown/restarts gracefully the system), new project (dialog to create (empty or killer template) or add a project from repo, path), global scripts, quick commands (basically any script or command can be linked/created), Settings (to login into github and CRUD basic account info and manage settings) Back and Quit stay. 
- After we chose the project the UI should change to a project dashboard where general info about the project is visible and sub menus can be selected such as, workspace (for commands to start programs, open a list of links etc. everything that are commands for the project but like kinda meta), command center (here the user can chose from the different type of commands), X ray (our x ray) Do you understand where I am going with this? We need to bring the UI and UX to the next level for this version. Because we currently have no way to actually use most of the features. We need to find a smart way to expose them to the user. How would you recommend to handle this?  
- We should also make sure we have CRUD for all the different things we have e.g. all kinds of commands, the configs the URLs, the start stop stuff.
- Lets also make sure there are descriptive messages so the user knows intuitively where to look and what to do.
- The contrast of the selected item is too small lets make the "hover" selection a dark but subtly vibrant Orange, pressed selection is dark royal blue, green means working or success, red is bad. Yellow is warning. Green, red and yellow have 3 diffrent brightnesses indicating the severity.
- In some dialogs etc we have weird color combinations. Like the blue in "6 Create"
- Are dashboards even functional if so what is their purpose?
- The esc button doesn't work in the env viewer to go back. It should go back to the previous screen.

- Can you generate a prompt to tell a coding agent in a repo to prepare the existing commands and repo for the CLI for max auto discovery? Like the prompt combined with the templates should be an instructions pack for any coding agent so he can setup the project so the CLI can work with it perfectly and we have descriptions help, typed and ranged parameters etc.
